Presentation: Doc enhancements for hierarchy specifications (#2977)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Hierarchies/GroupingRule.md

| Name        | Required? | Type     | Default                                                             | Meaning                                                                 |
| ----------- | --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `fromValue` | Yes       | `string` |                                                                     | Value that defines the range start (inclusive)                          |
| `toValue`   | Yes       | `string` |                                                                     | Value that defines the range end (inclusive)                            |
| `imageId`   | No        | `string` | [`imageId` of the property group specification](#attribute-imageid) | Identifier of an image to use for the grouping node.                    |
| `label`     | No        | `string` | `"{from value} - {to value}"`                                       | Grouping node's label. May be [localized](../Advanced/Localization.md). |

> Both `fromValue` and `toValue` are inclusive, but a single value never falls into more than 2 ranges - the first range that fits the value is assigned to it and no other
> range is used, even if it matches the value. The ranges are evaluated at the order of their definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Range [`fromValue`, `toValue`] is inclusive on both sides. If a value falls into more than one range, the first listed range that contains the value is chosen.
```

#### Deprecated Attribute: `sortingValue`

> **Default value:** `"DisplayLabel"`

Specifies whether nodes should be sorted by their display label or the grouping property's value. In most cases the result is the same,
unless a [label override rule](../Customization/LabelOverride.md) is used to change node's display label.

> **Note:** Sorting by property value only makes sense when instances are grouped by property value as well.
>
> **Warning:** Grouping by label and sorting by property value is not possible.

### Same Label Instance Grouping

Allows grouping multiple instances with the same label into one ECInstances type of node. Similar to display label grouping, but instead of showing a grouping
node with multiple grouped ECInstance nodes, it shows a single ECInstances node which represents multiple ECInstances.

| Name                                              | Required? | Type                       | Default   |
| ------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------------- | --------- |
| [`applicationStage`](#attribute-applicationstage) | No        | `"Query" \| "PostProcess"` | `"Query"` |

> #### Attribute: `applicationStage`
> 
> > **Default value:** `"Query"`
> 
> > **Performance note:** Grouping at post-processing step requires loading the whole hierarchy level before
> > returning even the first node - avoid using with large numbers of nodes.
> 
> Stage of hierarchy creation at which the rule is applied.

Reviewer: Restructured description to localise all the important information into one place. Left the code samples untouched. Two samples is perhaps too much, maybe display a sample ruleset that `"Query"` is unable to handle and show how `"PostProcessing"` makes grouping work correctly? Then exchange test code snippets with tree screenshots.

```suggestion
#### Attribute: `applicationStage`

> **Default value:** `"Query"`

Grouping nodes by label is an expensive operation because it requires the whole hierarchy level to be created before even the first grouped node can be produced. To alleviate the performance impact when this specification is used, two `applicationStage` settings have been introduced:

- `"Query"` groups instances during ECSql query, which can often make use of database indices and is generally fairly quick. It is chosen as the default option, however, it fails to produce grouping nodes when certain ruleset specifications are involved.
- `"PostProcess"` groups instances after the whole hierarchy level is built. It incurs a large performance penalty, but it will produce the expected result in all cases.

#### Choosing between `"Query"` and `"PostProcess"`

Always prefer `"Query"` unless any of the following conditions apply to the hierarchy level that is being grouped:

- The hierarchy level is built out of instances that do not share a common base class.
- The hierarchy level aggregates nodes that have been produced by more than one specification.
- The hierarchy level contains nodes that have been merged from a nested hierarchy level as a result of [`hideNodesInHierarchy`](./InstanceNodesOfSpecificClasses.md#attribute-hidenodesinhierarchy) or [`hideExpression`](./InstanceNodesOfSpecificClasses.md#attribute-hideexpression) attributes.

On the other hand, `"PostProcess"` can be applied to any hierarchy level, regardless of its composition, but at a cost to performance.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion and updated the example - please have a look

- `Query` groups instances during the query, which can often make use of database indexes and is generally fairly quick. This

>   also means that instances are grouped at the level of a single hierarchy specification and doesn't work when a hierarchy

Author: It means the grouping doesn't happen under conditions listed in the following sentence. 

Enabling this kind of grouping produces a query like `SELECT DisplayLabel, CONCAT(InstanceKey) FROM (SELECT DisplayLabel, InstanceKey FROM myschema.MyClass) GROUP BY DisplayLabel`. We can't apply query-level grouping under conditions listed in the description. This includes cases, when a hierarchy level is:

- Built from classes without a common base class. We can't apply query-level grouping in this case, because there's no way to define a grouping rule that groups multiple classes (`GroupingRule.class` allows defining only one). Now that I think of it, the same applies for post-processing level grouping, and since it's not even possible to define grouping like this, I think there's no point in mentioning it either.

- Using multiple specifications. This type of grouping is applied at specification level, which means cross-specification grouping is not possible, even if specifications return same type of instances.

- Merged from multiple nested hierarchy levels using the `hideNodesInHierarchy` or `hideExpression` attributes. We may have a hierarchy where parent hierarchy level is hidden, which means the hierarchy level consists of combined child hierarchy levels, e.g.:
  ```
  +-- hidden parent node A
  |   +-- visible child node x
  |   +-- visible child node y
  +-- hidden parent node B
      +-- visible child node x
      +-- visible child node z
  ```
  results in a hierarchy like:
  ```
  +-- visible child node x
  +-- visible child node y
  +-- visible child node x
  +-- visible child node z
  ```
  The two child hierarchy levels are built using different queries, which means they're not affected by query-level grouping. The post-processing level grouping, on the other hand, takes effect **after** we combine them, so it does have effect.

>   also means that instances are grouped at the level of a single hierarchy specification and doesn't work when a hierarchy

Reviewer: Thanks for the detailed explanation.
